I'm Atticus missionary words girl was
good back out of youtube.com forward
slash the sneaker addict I go by the
name to DJ delz shout outs in flex we
trust and shout out to the sneaker
addict.com my black site for what's
brand new what's hot only what's hot in
the sneaker world brand new video not a
new sneaker but a new videos are one of
my favorite Jordans these are the
altitudes jordan 13 altitudes 2005 lots
of newer version these are the og's the
original ones that release the black
upper then you got like this pebbled
material that wraps all the way around
the leather on this is really nice
leather I'm sure you can see in the
video it's been worn the sneaker the
weather is creasing like crazy but
that's what happens when you got good
leather and this leathers a real soft
leather whole tongue is leather
preparation holes on the tongue so you
could breathe in the sneaker green jump
man and you got it also on the Jordan
tag right here black midsole black pods
carbon fiber plate altitude green bottom
with hits of like an off-white of course
you got the hologram I'll Graham on the
bottom the green on this verse 2 2010
was a lot brighter on the 2010 model
2011 model I think you is it a see the
2010-2011 minute Thomas flying but the
newer version it's a lot brighter over
here everything is all the green on the
sneaker and so that brighter even the
hologram I think it's a different color
the newer version is a nice sneaker I'm
not dogging it for anyone that has it um
it's a nice sneaker but I just me
personally if I could get my hands on
this one I'd rather have the 2005
because I love the leather upper you
know I don't I didn't risk the Flynn
here's here's the Flint you know on the
Flint this is the upper on the Flint a
lot of people complain about this model
this is the newer model how it didn't
have 3m but me personally I didn't care
about the 3m yeah if it has to be on
that'd be dope but it doesn't have 3m
I could get over it you know I'm happy
that they rereleased this and happy I
could wear these and and you know what
fresh you know so I'm happy but they
shouldn't have put this upper on this
sneaker because this is the upper on the
sneaker and what I didn't understand was
why they did that when they didn't do
that to this sneaker they kept the upper
the original way with the leather they
kept it true with this sneaker they
should have kept it true with this
sneaker instead of switching it with
this fabric upper it's not the end of
the world you know i got these and i'm
happy with them anyone i got the newer
version i haven't heard any complaints
everyone seems to love them I could deal
with the colors not being the exact
color but um as far as the bottom and
whatnot but when you change the actual
material of the sneaker I mean I'm gonna
go for all out this shoe over a fabric
shoe any day in a week so that's just my
opinion on the sneaker and i'ma show you
what these look like Oh fina we'll be
right back so here they are on feet let
me know what you gotta stay real nice
sneaker to me man i really love these
right here shout out to the commission
major share this video Facebook Twitter
there's a share button somewhere on the
screen i always appreciate that love i
saw what they look like on feet leave a
comment let me know what you think of
these sneakers let me know about what i
talked about make sure to follow my
facebook i'm really trying to stay
really interactive with my facebook
facebook.com forward slash the real DJ
delz and also the sneaker addict.com go
there morning new tonight that's my
official blog I got sneaker addict ease
that is over at the sneak outta comments
the blog you can find out all the
information on that alright got multi
colors and know that you see I'll be
back really really soon